Adds Org API Doc (#1844)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/org/index.md

* [Get Okta Communication Settings](#get-okta-communication-settings)
* [Opt Out of Okta Communications](#opt-out-of-okta-communications)
* [Opt In to Okta Communications](#opt-in-to-okta-communications)

### Get Okta Communication Settings

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication" />

Gets your Organization's Okta Communication settings.

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Okta Communication Setting](#okta-communication-setting-object)

#### Usage Examples

The following request would retrieve the Org's Okta Communication Setting. 

##### Request

```
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication"
```

##### Response

```json
{
    "optOutEmailUsers": true,
    "_links": {
        "optIn": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optIn",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> ### Opt Out of Okta Communications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Opt out of Okta Communications
```

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optOut" />

Opts out all users of this org from Okta Communication Emails.

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Okta Communication Setting](#okta-communication-setting-object)

> #### Usage Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Usage examples
```

> The following request would opt the org's users out of Okta Communication Emails.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request opts the org's users out of Okta Communication emails.  
```

##### Request 

```
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optOut"
```

##### Response

```json
{
    "optOutEmailUsers": true,
    "_links": {
        "optIn": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optIn",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> ### Opt In to Okta Communications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Opt in to Okta Communications
```

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optIn" />

> Opts in all of this org's users to Okta Communication Emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opts in all of this org's users to Okta Communication emails.
```

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Okta Communication Setting](#okta-communication-setting-object)

> #### Usage Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Usage examples
```

> The following request would opt in all of the Org's Users to Okta Communication Emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request opts in all of the org's users to Okta Communication emails.
```

##### Request

```
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optIn"
```

##### Response

```json
{
    "optOutEmailUsers": false,
    "_links": {
        "optOut": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optOut",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> ## Org Preference Operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Org Preference operations
```

> The Org Communication API has the following CRUD operations:

Reviewer: shouldn't this be "The Org Preference API...??"
```suggestion
The Org Preference API has the following CRUD operations:
```

* [Get Org Preferences](#get-org-preferences)

> * [Show End User Page Footer](#show-end-user-page-footer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Show end-user page footer](#show-end-user-page-footer)
```

> * [Hide End User Page Footer](#hide-end-user-page-footer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Hide end-user page footer](#hide-end-user-page-footer)
```

### Get Org Preferences
<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/org/preferences" />

Gets your Organization's Preferences. 

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Org Preferences](#org-preferences-object)

> #### Usage Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Usage examples
```

> The following request would retrieve the Org's Preferences. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request retrieves the Org Preferences. 
```

> ##### Request Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Request
```

```
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/preferences"
```

> ##### Response Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Response
```

```json
{
    "showEndUserFooter": true,
    "_links": {
        "hideEndUserFooter": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/preferences/hideEndUserFooter",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> ### Show End User Page Footer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Show end-user page footer
```

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/preferences/showEndUserFooter" />

> Makes the Okta UI footer visible for all of your org's end users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Makes the Okta UI footer visible for all of your org's end users
```

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Org Preferences](#org-preferences-object)

> #### Usage Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Usage examples
```

> The following request would show the footer for the end user page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request shows the footer for the end-user page. 
```

##### Request 
```
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/preferences/showEndUserFooter"
```

##### Response 

```json
{
    "showEndUserFooter": true,
    "_links": {
        "hideEndUserFooter": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/preferences/hideEndUserFooter",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> ### Hide End User Page Footer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Hide end-user page footer
```

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/preferences/hideEndUserFooter" />

> Hides the Okta UI footer for all of your org's end users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hides the Okta UI footer for all of your org's end-users
```

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Org Preferences](#org-preferences-object)

> #### Usage Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Usage examples
```

> The following request would hide the footer for the end user page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request hides the footer for the end-user page. 
```

#### Request 

```
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/preferences/hideEndUserFooter"
```

#### Response

```json
{
    "showEndUserFooter": false,
    "_links": {
        "hideEndUserFooter": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/preferences/showEndUserFooter",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> ## Org API Objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Org API objects
```

### Org Setting object

#### Org Setting properties

The Org Setting object defines several properties:

| Property                | Type                                                           | Description                                                         |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `_links`                | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this object                                      |

> | `address1`              | String                                                         | Primary address information of org                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `address1`              | String                                                         | Primary address of org                                  |
```

> | `address2`              | String                                                         | Secondary address information of org                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `address2`              | String                                                         | Secondary address of org                                |
```

| `city`                  | String                                                         | City of org                                                         |
| `country`               | String                                                         | County of org                                                       |

> | `created`               | String (ISO-8601)                                              | When org was created (Read-only)                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `created`               | String (ISO-8601)                                              | When org was created (read-only)                                    |
```

> | `endUserSupportHelpURL` | String                                                         | Support Link of org                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `endUserSupportHelpURL` | String                                                         | Support link of org                                                 |
```

> | `expiresAt`             | String (ISO-8601)                                              | Expiration of org (Read-only)                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expiresAt`             | String (ISO-8601)                                              | Expiration of org (read-only)                                       |
```

> | `id`                    | String                                                         | Id of org (Read-only)                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `id`                    | String                                                         | ID of org (read-only)                                               |
```

> | `lastUpdated`           | String (ISO-8601)                                              | When org was last updated (Read-only)                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lastUpdated`           | String (ISO-8601)                                              | When org was last updated (read-only)                               |
```

| `name`                  | String                                                         | Name of org                                                         |
| `phoneNumber`           | String                                                         | Phone number of org                                                 |
| `postalCode`            | String                                                         | Postal code of org                                                  |
| `state`                 | String                                                         | State of org                                                        |
| `status`                | String                                                         | Status of org.  Accepted values: `ACTIVE`, `INACTIVE` (Read-only)   |

> | `subdomain`             | String                                                         | Subdomain of org (Read-only)                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `subdomain`             | String                                                         | Subdomain of org (read-only)                                        |
```

            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        },
        "oktaCommunication": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication"
        },
        "logo": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/bc/image/fileStoreRecord?id=fs02ju1ejvy2Cv2Yx0g4"
        },
        "oktaSupport": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport"
        },
        "contacts": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/contacts"
        }
    }
}
```
### Contact Type object

#### Contact Type properties

The Contact Type object defines several properties:

| Property                | Type                                                           | Description                                             |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `_links`                | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this object                          |

> | contactType             | String                                                         | Type of contact. Accepted values: `BILLING`, `TECHNICAL`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| contactType             | String                                                         | Type of contact. Accepted values: `BILLING`, `TECHNICAL`|

```

#### Contact Type example
```json
{
        "contactType": "TECHNICAL",
        "_links": {
            "technical": {
                "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/contacts/technical"
            }
        }
    } 

```

> ### Contact User Object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Contact User object
```

> The Contact User Object defines several properties: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Contact User object defines several properties: 
```

> #### Contact User Properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Contact User properties
```

| Property                | Type                                                           | Description                           |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| `_links`                | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this object        |

> | `userId`                | String                                                         | Id of associated User                 |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `userId`                | String                                                         | ID of associated User                 |  
```

#### Contact Type example
```json
{
        "userId": "TECHNICAL",
        "_links": {
            "technical": {
                "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/contacts/technical"
            }
        }
    } 

```

### Okta Support Setting object

The Okta Support Setting object defines several properties:

> #### Okta Support Setting Properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Okta Support Setting properties
```

| Property                | Type                                                           | Description                                                           |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `_links`                | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this object                                        |

> | `expiration`            | String (ISO-8601)                                              | Expiration of Okta Support (Nullable)                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expiration`            | String (ISO-8601)                                              | Expiration of Okta Support (nullable)                                 |
```

| support                 | String                                                         | Status of Okta Support Setting. Accepted values: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`|

> #### Okta Support Setting Example 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Okta Support Setting example 
```

```json
{
    "support": "ENABLED",
    "expiration": "2021-01-24T11:13:14.000Z",
    "_links": {
        "extend": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/extend",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        },
        "revoke": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/revoke",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Okta Communication Setting object

The Okta Communication Setting object defines several properties:

> #### Okta Communication Setting Properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Okta Communication Setting properties
```

| Property                | Type                                                           | Description                                                     |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `_links`                | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this object                                  |

> | `optOutEmailUsers`      | Boolean                                                        | Indicates whether org's users receive Okta Communication Emails |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `optOutEmailUsers`      | Boolean                                                        | Indicates whether the org's users receive Okta Communication emails |
```

> #### Okta Communication Setting Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Okta Communication Setting example
```

```json
{
    "optOutEmailUsers": true,
    "_links": {
        "optIn": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optIn",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Org Preferences object

The Org Preferences object defines several properties:

#### Org Preferences Properties

| Property                | Type                                                           | Description                            |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------- |
| `_links`                | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this object         |

> | `showEndUserFooter`     | Boolean                                                        | Show Footer on End User page           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `showEndUserFooter`     | Boolean                                                        | Show footer on end-user page           |
```

> #### Org Preferences Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Org Preferences example
```

| `address1`              | String                                                         | Primary address of org                                  |
| `address2`              | String                                                         | Secondary address of org                                |
| `city`                  | String                                                         | City of org                                                         |
| `country`               | String                                                         | County of org                                                       |
| `created`               | String (ISO-8601)                                              | When org was created (read-only)                                    |
| `endUserSupportHelpURL` | String                                                         | Support link of org                                                 |
| `expiresAt`             | String (ISO-8601)                                              | Expiration of org (read-only)                                       |

> | `id`                    | String                                                         | Id of org (read-only)                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `id`                    | String                                                         | ID of org (read-only)                                               |
```

N/A

#### Request query parameters
N/A

#### Request body 
N/A

#### Response body

The [Contact Type](#contact-type-object)

#### Usage Examples

The following request would retrieve the supported Org Contact Types.

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/contacts"
```

##### Response

```json
[
    {
        "contactType": "BILLING",
        "_links": {
            "billing": {
                "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/contacts/billing"
            }
        }
    },
    {
        "contactType": "TECHNICAL",
        "_links": {
            "technical": {
                "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/contacts/technical"
            }
        }
    }
]
```

### Get User of Contact Type

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/org/contacts/${contactType}" />

Retrieves the specific user of a contact type. 

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter        | Type                           | Description     |  
| :--------------- | :----------------------------- | :-------------- | 

> | contactType      | `BILLING`, `TECHNICAL`         | Type of Contact |   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `contactType`      | String         | Type of Contact. Accepted values: `BILLING`, `TECHNICAL` |   
```

      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body 

N/A

#### Response body

The [Contact User](#contact-user-object)

#### Usage Examples

The following request would retrieve the User associated with the given `${contactType}`.

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/contacts/${contactType}"
```

##### Response 

```json
{
    "userId": "00uuibMot2FBByTbs0g3",
    "_links": {
        "user": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/users/00uuibMot2FBByTbs0g3"
        }
    }
}
```

### Update User of Contact Type

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/api/v1/org/contacts/${contactType}" />

Updates the user to your Organization's contact of a specific type

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter        | Type                           | Description     |  
| :--------------- | :----------------------------- | :-------------- | 

> | contactType      | `BILLING`, `TECHNICAL`         | Type of Contact |   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `contactType`      | String        | Type of Contact. Accepted values: `BILLING`, `TECHNICAL`  |   
```

      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body 

| Parameter        | Type     | Description     |  
| :--------------- | :------- | :-------------- | 
| userId           | String   | Id of User      |   

#### Response body

The [Contact Type](#contact-type-object)

> An invalid `id` returns a `404 Not Found` status code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An invalid `userId` returns a `404 Not Found` status code.
```

```http
HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "errorCode": "E0000007",
    "errorSummary": "Not found: Resource not found: 00uuibMot2FBByTbs0g4 (User)",
    "errorLink": "E0000007",
    "errorId": "oaehhZVvfglR-GnSbcOQDCm6g",
    "errorCauses": []
}
```

#### Usage Examples

The following request would update the User associated with the given `${contactType}`.

##### Request 

```bash
curl -v -X PUT \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
-d '{
    "userId": "00uuibMot2FBByTbs0g3
}' "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/contacts/${contactType}"
```

##### Response 

```json
{
    "userId": "00uuibMot2FBByTbs0g3",
    "_links": {
        "user": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/users/00uuibMot2FBByTbs0g3"
        }
    }
}
```

## Org Logo Operations

The Org Logo API has the following CRUD operations:

* [Upload Logo for Org](#upload-logo-for-org)

### Upload Logo for Org

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/logo" />

Update the logo for your org.

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

> | Parameter        | Description                                            | Param Type  | DataType          | Required  |

Reviewer 2: This table is not consistent with out template.

| :--------------- | :----------------------------------------------------- | :---------- | :---------------- | :-------- |

> | file             | File containing logo                                   | Body        | File              | TRUE      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `file`             | File containing logo                                   | Body        | File              | TRUE      |
```

> The file must be in PNG, JPG, or GIF format, and less than 1 MB in size. For best results use landscape orientation, a transparent background, and a minimum size of 420px by 120px to prevent upscaling.

Reviewer 2: This can go into the description

#### Response body

Returns `201 Created`

#### Usage Examples

The following request would update the Org Logo with the uploaded file. 

##### Request 

```
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
-F 'file=@/path/to/file' \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/logo"
```

#### Response 

```
HTTP/1.1 201 Content Created
Location: https://${yourOktaDomain}/bc/image/fileStoreRecord?id=fs01hfslJH2m3qUOe0g4
```

## Okta Support Operations

The Org Support API has the following CRUD operations:

* [Get Okta Support Settings](#get-okta-support-settings)
* [Grant Okta Support](#grant-okta-support)
* [Extend Okta Support](#extend-okta-support)
* [Revoke Okta Support Settings](#revoke-okta-support)

### Get Okta Support Settings

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport" />

> Gets your Organization's Okta Support settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gets your Org's Okta Support settings.
```

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Okta Support Setting](#okta-support-setting-object)

#### Usage Examples

The following request would retrieve the Org's Support Setting.

##### Request 

```
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport"
```

##### Response 
```json
{
    "support": "ENABLED",
    "expiration": "2021-01-24T11:13:14.000Z",
    "_links": {
        "extend": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/extend",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        },
        "revoke": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/revoke",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Grant Okta Support 

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/grant" />

> Grant Okta Support for your organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enables the option to temporarily allow Okta Support to access your org as an administrator for 8 hours.
```

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Okta Support Setting](#okta-support-setting-object)

#### Usage Examples

The following request would grant Okta Support to the Org.

##### Request

```
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/grant"
```

##### Response

```json
{
    "support": "ENABLED",
    "expiration": "2021-01-24T11:13:14.000Z",
    "_links": {
        "extend": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/extend",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        },
        "revoke": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/revoke",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Extend Okta Support 

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/extend" />

> Extend Okta Support for your organization, extends expiration by 24 hours. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Extend the length of time Okta Support can access to your org by 24 hours. This means 24 hours are added to the remaining access time.
```

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Okta Support Setting](#okta-support-setting-object)

#### Example Usages

> The following request would extend Okta Support to the Org for 24 hours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following request would extend Okta Support to the org for 24 hours.
```

##### Request Example

```
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/extend"
```

##### Response Example

```json
{
    "support": "ENABLED",
    "expiration": "2021-01-25T11:13:14.000Z",
    "_links": {
        "extend": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/extend",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        },
        "revoke": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/revoke",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Revoke Okta Support 

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/revoke" />

> Revoke Okta Support for your organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Revoke Okta Support access to your org.
```

* [Opt In to Okta Communications](#opt-in-to-okta-communications)

### Get Okta Communication Settings

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication" />

Gets your Organization's Okta Communication settings.

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Okta Communication Setting](#okta-communication-setting-object)

#### Usage Examples

The following request would retrieve the Org's Okta Communication Setting. 

##### Request

```
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication"
```

##### Response

```json
{
    "optOutEmailUsers": true,
    "_links": {
        "optIn": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optIn",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Opt Out of Okta Communications

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optOut" />

> Opts out end users from Okta Communication Emails

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Opts out all users of this org from Okta Communication Emails.
```

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Okta Communication Setting](#okta-communication-setting-object)

#### Usage Examples

> The following request would opt out of Okta Communication Emails for the end users of the Org. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following request would opt the org's users out of Okta Communication Emails. 
```

##### Request 

```
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optOut"
```

##### Response

```json
{
    "optOutEmailUsers": true,
    "_links": {
        "optIn": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optIn",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Opt In to Okta Communications

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication/optIn" />

> Opts in end users to Okta Communication Emails

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Opts in all of this org's users to Okta Communication Emails.
```

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Okta Communication Setting](#okta-communication-setting-object)

#### Usage Examples

> The following request would opt in to Okta Communication Emails for the end users of the Org. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following request would opt in all of the Org's Users to Okta Communication Emails. 
```

* [Show End User Page Footer](#show-end-user-page-footer)
* [Hide End User Page Footer](#hide-end-user-page-footer)

### Get Org Preferences
<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/org/preferences" />

Gets your Organization's Preferences. 

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Org Preferences](#org-preferences-object)

#### Usage Examples

The following request would retrieve the Org's Preferences. 

##### Request Example

```
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/preferences"
```

##### Response Example

```json
{
    "showEndUserFooter": true,
    "_links": {
        "hideEndUserFooter": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/preferences/hideEndUserFooter",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Show End User Page Footer
<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/preferences/showEndUserFooter" />

> Show footer for End User Page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Makes the Okta UI footer visible for all of your org's end users.

```

#### Request path parameters

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Org Preferences](#org-preferences-object)

#### Usage Examples

The following request would show the footer for the end user page. 

##### Request 
```
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/preferences/showEndUserFooter"
```

##### Response 

```json
{
    "showEndUserFooter": true,
    "_links": {
        "hideEndUserFooter": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/preferences/hideEndUserFooter",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Hide End User Page Footer
<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/org/preferences/hideEndUserFooter" />

> Hide footer for End User Page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hides the Okta UI footer for all of your org's end users.
```

N/A
      
#### Request query parameters

N/A

#### Request body

N/A

#### Response body

Fetched [Org Preferences](#org-preferences-object)

#### Usage Examples

The following request would hide the footer for the end user page. 

#### Request 

```
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org/preferences/hideEndUserFooter"
```

#### Response

```json
{
    "showEndUserFooter": false,
    "_links": {
        "hideEndUserFooter": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/preferences/showEndUserFooter",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

## Org API Objects

### Org Setting object

#### Org Setting properties

The Org Setting object defines several properties:

| Property              | Type                                                           | Description                           |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|

> | _links                | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this object        |

Reviewer 2: Please use `code format` for all property names.

> | address1              | String                                                         | Address1 of Org                       |

Reviewer 2: I feel like this description (and the one below it) could use some elaboration.
```suggestion
| address1              | String                                                         | Address1 of org                       |
```

Reviewer 2: Also lowercase "org" in all instances here. "Org" is only uppercase when referring to the object.

            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/logo",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        },
        "oktaCommunication": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication"
        },
        "logo": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/bc/image/fileStoreRecord?id=fs02ju1ejvy2Cv2Yx0g4"
        },
        "oktaSupport": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport"
        },
        "contacts": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/contacts"
        }
    }
}
```
### Contact Type object

#### Contact Type properties

The Contact Type object defines several properties:

| Property              | Type                                                           | Description                           |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| _links                | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this object        |

> | contactType           | `BILLING`, `TECHNICAL`                                         | Type of contact                       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| contactType           | String                                         | Type of contact. Accepted values: `BILLING`, `TECHNICAL`                      |
```

#### Contact Type example
```json
{
        "contactType": "TECHNICAL",
        "_links": {
            "technical": {
                "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/contacts/technical"
            }
        }
    } 

```
### Contact User Object

The Contact User Object defines several properties: 

#### Contact User Properties

| Property              | Type                                                           | Description                           |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| _links                | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this object        |

> | userId                | userId                                                         | Id of associated User                 |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| userId                | String                                                         | Id of associated User                 |  
```

#### Contact Type example
```json
{
        "userId": "TECHNICAL",
        "_links": {
            "technical": {
                "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/contacts/technical"
            }
        }
    } 

```

### Okta Support Setting object

The Okta Support Setting object defines several properties:

#### Okta Support Setting Properties

| Property              | Type                                                           | Description                           |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| _links                | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this object        |
| expiration            | String (ISO-8601)                                              | Expiration of Okta Support (Nullable) |

> | support               | `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`                                          | Status of Okta Support Setting        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| support               | String                                          | Status of Okta Support Setting. Accepted values: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`       |
```

#### Okta Support Setting Example 
```json
{
    "support": "ENABLED",
    "expiration": "2021-01-24T11:13:14.000Z",
    "_links": {
        "extend": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/extend",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        },
        "revoke": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport/revoke",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Okta Communication Setting object

The Okta Communication Setting object defines several properties:

#### Okta Communication Setting Properties

| Property              | Type                                                           | Description                            |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------- |
| _links                | [JSON HAL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this object         |

> | optOutEmailUsers      | Boolean                                                        | End User do not receive Okta Emails    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| optOutEmailUsers      | Boolean                                                        | Indicates whether org's users receive Okta Communication Emails    |
```

---
title: Org
category: management
---

# Org API

<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />

The Okta Org API provides operations to manage your org account settings such as contact information, granting Okta Support access, and more.

## Get Org Settings

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/org" />

Gets your Organization's current settings.

> ### Response parameters

Reviewer 2: Please ensure that this PR has sections that conform to the template. Currently it does not. In many different ways.

Author: Done

The [Org Object](#org-object)

### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/org"
```

### Response example

```json
{
    "id": "00ou8s5wploBwX4710g3",
    "subdomain": "okta",
    "name": "Okta",
    "status": "ACTIVE",
    "expiresAt": null,
    "created": "2020-10-26T15:03:08.000Z",
    "lastUpdated": "2021-01-20T21:02:28.000Z",
    "website": "http://okta.com",
    "phoneNumber": "+1-555-415-1337",
    "endUserSupportHelpURL": "https://support.okta.com",
    "supportPhoneNumber": "+1-555-514-1337",
    "address1": "301 Brannan St.",
    "address2": "Unit 100",
    "city": "San Francisco",
    "state": "California",
    "country": "United States of America",
    "postalCode": "94107",
    "_links": {
        "preferences": {

>             "href": "http://okta.okta.com/api/v1/org/preferences"

Author: done

        },
        "uploadLogo": {
            "href": "http://okta.okta.com/api/v1/org/logo",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        },
        "oktaCommunication": {
            "href": "http://okta.okta.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication"
        },
        "logo": {
            "href": "http://okta.okta.com/bc/image/fileStoreRecord?id=fs02ju1ejvy2Cv2Yx0g4"
        },
        "oktaSupport": {
            "href": "http://okta.okta.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport"
        },
        "contacts": {
            "href": "http://okta.okta.com/api/v1/org/contacts"
        }
    }
}
```
## Update Org Settings

> > **Note:** Use the `POST` method to make a partial update and the `PUT` method to delete unspecified properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Use the `POST` method to make a partial update and the `PUT` method to delete unspecified properties.
```

This is fairly confusing in its current form. Can you elaborate?

Author: I took this from https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/users/

Author: The API follows similar pattern

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/api/v1/org" />

Updates your Organization's current settings

All org properties must be specified when updating an org's profile with a `PUT` method. Any property not specified in the request is deleted.

> >Important: Don't use `PUT` method for partial updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Don't use `PUT` method for partial updates.
```

Author: just double checking, I copied this from https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/users/

Reviewer 2: The only callout we have is note. Important is not a thing right now. Unfortunately our API docs lack consistency more generally...

    "phoneNumber": "+1-555-415-1337",
    "endUserSupportHelpURL": "https://support.okta.com",
    "supportPhoneNumber": "+1-555-514-1337",
    "address1": "301 Brannan St.",
    "address2": "Unit 100",
    "city": "San Francisco",
    "state": "California",
    "country": "United States of America",
    "postalCode": "94107",
    "_links": {
        "preferences": {
            "href": "http://okta.okta.com/api/v1/org/preferences"
        },
        "uploadLogo": {
            "href": "http://okta.okta.com/api/v1/org/logo",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        },
        "oktaCommunication": {
            "href": "http://okta.okta.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaCommunication"
        },
        "logo": {
            "href": "http://okta.okta.com/bc/image/fileStoreRecord?id=fs02ju1ejvy2Cv2Yx0g4"
        },
        "oktaSupport": {
            "href": "http://okta.okta.com/api/v1/org/privacy/oktaSupport"
        },
        "contacts": {
            "href": "http://okta.okta.com/api/v1/org/contacts"
        }
    }
}
```
## Get Contact Types

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/org/contacts" />

> Gets your Organization's contact Types

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gets your Organization's Contact Types
```
